All right so what I want to show you guys in this video is in the past video you saw that if we submitted
the form it's submitted and I form collection.
And you saw that it posted devalued.
But what I actually want to do is I want to post a specific band model and I'll call this band I'm for
now.
We're not going to do anything with it.
We can get rid of this comment too.
I don't need that in there.
And so we're going to go ahead and post up the band that I want to explain.
Expedite is actually going to automatically bind data objects that are passed that are posted to the
server that match up to a view model object so if it has the right properties like name title or origin
genre by or whatever it is it's going to automatically serialize and bind up those data attributes and
basically take based on data object and then create a C-sharp object from it.
If everything goes well.
If not you'll see like a bunch and all values.
So in order to post let's go in and change our fetch method here.
And what I want to do is I'm going to change this over to our create method just as an example.
And then inside of here what I'm going to do is I'm going to pass an argument which is a dictionary
argument here and this takes a bunch of key value pairs so we're going to say method equals post and
then body equals data.
And what we want to do is go out and define our data object.
And remember our data object is a banned object so the banned object needs to have all the values that
a band has which is titled genre origin and biography and so title
genre
origin
and biography
all right they we go.
All right.
So that's our data object.
I'm going to go and pass that up and we're going to use the fetch method fetch API in order to do so
I'm going to change this over to make it a little easier to read in my opinion.
So I'm just going to post and send the body to.
Also one thing because I'm not going to be Ajax posting validation token I want to go out and remove
that as well.
So here you go.
If we go ahead and we look at this and we refresh the page you can see that we're now Ajax posting the
values here and like I said if you had a problem with it you're going to end up getting a bunch of null
values which means the C-sharp couldn't automatically serialize the object that got passed to it.
And then another thing too is we always want to JS on string a fire object because it's possible to
pass an actual Jaison data object over the wire.
So we want to say a string of high end memory and do that with our data.
And then we also probably as a good example here want to set the headers here so we're going to define
a header's object and the object here is going to have a few things so it's going to have the exact
parameter on it and the accent is going to be an application and so on.
And then we want the content type as well.
And you know that should probably be.
We're going to put this out because of the hyphen.
It'll probably mess it up.
So we're going to put this right inside of a string as far as the key value pairs obviously is it's
optional as far as a string.
But then you can have certain values and everything that don't match up.
So anyway let's go and post this value of now.
Now that we have it looking the way we want.
Now one thing I also want to tell you guys is that the the data objects you can either have this capital
or non-capital it doesn't actually matter it's not case sensitive so it's still going to bind up in
serialise just fine.
But I want to show you why this isn't going to work right now and just because this is going to bite
you in the future and I know that I know that it will.
So hopefully you guys can remember now when we go ahead and we request this page and we make sure my
break points here.
I want to show you guys what's going on here.
So if I refresh this page I hit this post.
You're going to see that our band object is going to have a bunch of values.
And the reason why you're probably like why is that.
So in order to fix that we have to actually explicitly tell us that we want to save from buy.
So we're saying you're going to get your data from the actual body that's passed in and if you could
see from the actual Ajax requests we're getting you know we're the body value here which is just based
on sharing of data object.
So after making that change let's go out and restart the server.
And now if we are navigate over to the details page
you're going to see that we now have values that are being passed through.
So that is how you Ajax posts Jaison data to your HSP dot net control or.